FONT SHRINKERª v1.0b-----------------------------------------------This file covers the minimal information required for running Font Shrinkerª as well as some updates.  For more information, contact ParaSoft or the Font Shrinkerª Users Guide (beta).Font Shrinkerª is somewhat self-explanatory, but just to make sure everything is understood, brief instructions/information are included here.Font Shrinkerª began initially as a search for something to shrink any piece of System software on a single-drive Macintosh, on a network.  On Macintosh Plus or SE floppy-only stations, for instance, the 800k disk fills up rapidly.  The only thing which we found could be quickly, efficiently, and easily shrunk were fonts, which have a tendency to take up more room than necessary.  Thus evolved Font Shrinkerª.Font Shrinkerª is not just for single-drive users, however.  Many people may have literally megabytes of fonts installed.  Compressing the fonts not only save precious disk space but facilitate easier backing up and restoring of font files.Operation is quite simple.  Start up the program from the Finder.  The menu settings under Options should be obvious; which font types to shrink (sorry, no laser fonts!), when to UnShrink the compressed fonts (on startup or when accessed by an application), and whether you want a boot-up icon signifying Font Shrinkerª's presence.  (Note that the System fonts are never compressed.)  The Auto Options menu allows for easy installation; using the setup defined under Options, Font Shrinkerª will install itself on any bootable floppy inserted.Choosing Install FS from the Installation menu will install Font Shrinkerª, using the current Options setup, into all currently open font files, including the System and any which may be open by Suitcase II or Master Juggler.  Choosing De-Install FS will, likewise, remove Font Shrinkerª from any Shrunk font files currently open.KNOWN BUGS: (working on it!)¥One DA (seemingly at random) will be greyed out for some odd reason.¥No DAs work at all on some computers.¥The Edit menu does not appear on some computers.KNOWN INCOMPATIBILITES: (working on it!)¥SAM, any version.  Something wacko happens with it.  Turn it off before installing.¥Gatekeeper, any version.  Ditto as SAM.¥MultiFinder, any version.  Font Shrinkerª cannot access fonts for some reason.¥Complete Undelete, any version.  Font Shrinkerª bombs on some computers.¥Talking Moose, any public domain version.  Unknown.¥InterFax v1.0.  Font Shrinkerª cannot correctly access v1.0's special fonts.¥Broadcast v1.2.   Unknown.Font Shrinkerª will not run while it, or the disk it is on, is locked, nor will it run correctly from an AppleShare file server.Remember, this is a beta-test version.  All bug reports or suggestions are welcome.  Write to:ParaSoft, Inc.P.O. Box 86Springfield, IL 10553