Hotline SeeDby The MacMan, macman@macman.net, http://www.macman.netReleased 5 24 1999This is a little trojan horse for use on Mac hotline sites, it makes invisible aliases of all the servers volumes (allowing you to get anything if your account can download).How it WorksWhen you run it, it looks for comment folders. It checks for comment folder with 1 item in it, if it doesn't find any it looks for comment folders with 0 items in them. When it finds one it will make a new folder in it (with the same name as the parent folder), then put the volume aliases inside there. The aliases are invisible to the admin when they look for it from the finder, but the folder they're in isn't. btw, if you get info on the folder it will say there are zero items but the aliases are still there, they're just invisible.If there's no comment folders, HLSD will look for any folders. It will use the first one it finds, and make a new folder inside of it, the name of the folder will be the name of the middle file (sorted by name) with a space at the end of it (so it doesn't erase the file).If there's no folders, HLSD will make a new folder, with the name of the middle file with a space at the end.How to Use HLSDRename it to something the admin will be interested in, and make some stuff up in it's comments. Right now it's disguised as a .sea file (self extracting/expanding archive, something like that). But you can use ResEdit to make it look like something else (like a DocMaker file). If you want to make it bigger, use ResEdit and add pict resources to it until it's the right size.You can  upload it and just check back every day to see if it's been opened, but you'll be more successful if you get the admin to open it while you're there. That gives them a lot less time to see the aliases, and more time for you to move them to a safer place. You don't even have to say it's your file, just msg them and say you downloaded the file but it wouldn't expand properly, and ask if they got it to work. They'll probably say "no", then you reply with "Can you try? I've been looking everywhere for this file, and you're the only site that has it." You get the idea. HLSD is too big to be an "account request", but you can rename it to look like a crack, small mp3, serial number list (C&N was around 200k also), compressed porn, whatever....Known ProblemsHLSD will make the aliases in the same folder it's in, so if it gets moved somewhere (like the desktop), it you won't be able to get at the aliases. Hotline TakeDown would work from anywhere, but it only made an alias of the startup volume, and it needed applescript to work.HLSD will crash if you make it overwrite the aliases it made (if you run it a second time), but this only happens when the aliases are put into folders that have 0 items. Plus, it's not really your problem after you've uploaded it. :^)In Future VersionsYou'll be able to say EXACTLY where you want HLSD to put the aliases. I'm working on that right now, and I should have it done in about a week.